The Foreign Service might do.
When those matters were called to the attention of this committee,
then in the direction, the committee called
before General Walter Beagle Smith, the Undersecretary of State.
When the situation was explained to General Smith,
General Smith said that anything that smacks a retribution
or a reprival against a person has been cooperating
with the committee is wrong.
And I believe that General Smith ordered a reinstatement
of that employee who had testified before this committee.
In behalf of the committee, Mr. Gohan,
you also initiated an investigation of the voice of America.
Yes, sir.
Did you encounter any interference on the dedication
or in the course of that investigation?
Sir, on the end, I would say, insofar as our operations here
in Washington are concerned and our dealings
were tractor chants, who was the administrator during a good
part of the investigation, no sir.
We did not.
Can it inspire?
I need to get it.
Mr. Gohan, I believe you graduated from law school
at a very early age, 20?
I was, I was 23.
You had to wait a year before you could take the bar
because of the law requirements fit in New York.
Wasn't quite a year, sir, I believe it was.
Well, I mean, 21.
Yes, sir.
When you got out of law school, you went to work
in the District Attorney's Office?
Yes, I did.
And what year was that?
47, in 47.
Yes, sir.
And you testified at some length with reference
to your employment in the District Attorney's Office,
which I believe was up until the summer of 52.
That's right, sir.
And then in the summer or early fall,
you came down, you were watching them
to work for Attorney General McGrann.
Yes, sir.
Now, have you had any other legal experience
other than the experience with the federal government?
Any private practice?
Oh, yes, sir.
I've engaged into a very limited extent in private practice,
practically all the time since I've left law school.
But as you probably know, sir, just about impossible
to hold down a job like this.
And a job I held down into the Department of Justice
and have enough free time to both to private practice
and gain any experience, which I would count,
is really worthwhile.
In other words, I would say I haven't been in court
and I have an argument, a case in court,
so I tried to privatize and court in some years.
I think, as a matter of fact, I tried one privatization,
I mean, this will court in New York just after I was admitted.
And I think that's about it.
Are you a member of a law firm now?
Yes, I am.
I read something in one of the magazine articles,
which would indicate that your income from the firm
for one year would be much greater than that,
without mentioning the month.
Much greater than that, which it received
from the federal government.
Is that correct?
That is correct.
So I would say this, if I may.
I think my income from my private practice
and the clients I have there is greater than the income
I received here, and is probably a lot smaller
than the income I could receive if I was voting full time
to private practice, and probably a lot greater than it will be
when I get finally get back to private practice.
Well, I don't doubt that, sir.
This is called.
And I'm not trying any sort of cash.
I'm going to tell you, if you're going to all year enable lawyer,
and I know that you can make a lot more offer,
what I wanted to ask you was that you say
that you've done very little private work,
which your income from your private practice
is much greater than that problem.
Well, sir, I understood your question to be experienced.
Maybe I heard it incorrectly, which I've received
in what's in practice on the social.
I have what I have.
Well, I'm at full office and court process.
I speak in the private practice.
As far as court practice is concerned,
or I tried this one case in the municipal court,
it occurred to me, I, in the course of the six or seven years,
I was in court.
I'm one or two other occasions.
The fault of what's practiced, I have a chance
to do, does not involve appearance in court,
and does not involve things which I would say would give me
experience in the trial of cases
or the arguments of appeal.
It would involve things other than that, sir.
Well, since you've been working for the committee,
have you spent much time in your private practice?
I went to your private, to live to your home private law firm.
Sorry, little sir.
Very little?
Yes, sir.
So that is under you, sir.
Yes.
What's the thing?
I didn't know.
I think the record should show at this time
that the time we employed Mr. F Cohen,
that I informed the committee that he
was a member of the firm, the intent
to continue his membership in the firm,
and that he would have an income outside of his salary
with the committee, instead of discerse very freely.
And nothing mysterious about it.
All of a sudden, you know that that's...
Well, I'm a station, my family.
I need nothing about it.
I don't know that my colleagues...
Well, I'll be clear, it's pretty surely
an information right now, Senator.
Yeah, but I don't recall anything being set about that.
I'm a trade-backer, you'll take a minute.
Does that mean you're meeting a first-time
reappearsment to come on?
You were putting that...
That was a joke.
Yeah.
This thing, a full-time job, I was a little concerned
when I read this article.
Senator, I might say this to you, sir.
Uh...
Possibly, it's because of lack of qualifications
and other things, but to do this job,
I have to put in much more than full-time.
And as far as the time I could, I spend on this job,
or that I spend on any job I've had in the...
If you'll look at that, I'll talk to my forces,
the people I worked for.
I think you'll find that some more of my many failings
will not be the failure to put in a lot of extra hours
of nightstand over weekends and doing my job for the government.
Mr. Cohn, I have no doubts that you're a hard worker,
and I'm not disagreeing with that at all.
It's not only a hard worker, an able lawyer.
I'd like to ask the sheriff for permission to fill in the minute.
So I'll be meeting the...
Mr. Cohn was confirmed,
as soon as I can get those from the money room.
If I may do that.
Yes, there is the actual transcripts I'd like to have that.
They have an inclusive, I think,
and the representative, they give it a number.
I want to see those for the first time.
In the minutes and the transcripts.
And then, the sending is there.
The minister is telling the department
that I can look at them first,
which is presently honest.
You're going to put things in the right place today,
when I was in the right place.
Now, I assume that your law firm is not having
litigation with the federal government.
Farmington, did your law firm have any litigation
with the federal government?
Not to mind, now, as I know.
I certainly have not served any time since I've been
with the federal government,
had any litigation with the federal government
or participated in any matter
where there might be any conflict of interest.
I have no doubt about humanistic calling.
I'm saying that you being a member of the firm,
I want to know what was a firm had in it.
So I'm a member of the firm that's the fairly
substantial practice.
What is the name of the firm?
The name of the firm.
Thank you.
Let him get to the district.
His current C-U-R-R-I-N-Mahoney cone,
which is me and Tim, as the I-N.
One of my well-to-the-state senator's turn.
The secretary, now he's the current,
is the Republican County chairman of New York,
and the secretary of state of the state of New York.
Senator Mahoney is state senator from the state of New York,
and the Democratic leader of the state
senate of New York.
I am who I am and Mr. Tim does the work.
Sort of a bipartisan.
Is it a firm?
I'm going to say bipartisan.
I guess that's like the anti-interpolite thing.
But someone's a Democrat or Republican.
That's not making sense.
Now, Mr. Cullen, you made reference to the document,
which was introduced in record,
from a Mr. Paul Kout.
Yes sir.
And I believe you stated that this was the document
that started the investigation of the military.
No sir.
You didn't?
This was one of a, I was trying to summarize,
that Mr. Jenkins requested a number of things,
which came out at the beginning of this investigation.
That was one among a large number of items.
I specify other items in addition to that.
This was one of the memorandums that I watched submitted.
I should make great with you about that.
This was one that was...
Well, it's my recall when I'll have to look at the transcript,
but it was my recollection that the document given to you,
which you stated, I believe, was in the regular files of the subcommittee,
when some Mr. Kout and that it was the document that started the investigation
of the army.
No sir.
First of all, it was not given to me.
It was given to Mr. Shine.
Second of all, he worked with Paul Crash on that.
Second of all, sir, I don't believe I said that,
that's not given to me.
It's not of the investigation.
There are a number of things, which contributed to the start of the investigation.
And I believe I outlined both in probably too much detail.
Well, I certainly agree with you, Senator.
If you wanted to use this as a basis for some additional questioning,
I certainly agree with you that that is one of the documents that was submitted
and one of the documents we did consider.
Well, what were the other principal documents?
Oh, there were good numbers, sir.
You want me to recite that?
Just a first of all, I remember there was a record on Fort Monmouth.
There was a record made by another...
What do you mean a record on Fort Monmouth?
Well, I was just trying to tell you a second.
There was a record made by another group down in Congress.
I don't think it was ever made public, although I'm not sure,
concerning the disappearance of a large number of documents from the secret army radar laboratories
at Fort Monmouth.
That was made available to us at the very beginning, and we went into that and studied that.
Other information was applied to us.
We had...
All in the committee file?
I mean, sir.
We've all been in the committee file.
Yes, I'm sure it is.
And that was from another committee in Congress?
Yes, sir.
I think it was.
And when did you get that information around the same time, sir?
That February or March?
Yes, sir.
February or March, 1953?
That's my recollection.
I have that same time.
Now, you stated that this document referring to the crowd documents
was in the regular file for the subcommittee.
Room 101 of the subcommittee.
By some words, sir.
I'm sure it was.
And if it might have been in one of the other rooms, the subcommittee keeps there.
I can't swear it.
I'm sure within the regular file of the subcommittee available.
So I looked at the document.
As I recall, you stated that...
That...
Is in the regular file of the subcommittee, this is from page 3902,
and Room 101 of the subcommittee office is served.
The subcommittee is in smart.
Now, I looked over this file.
And I don't see how any senator could possibly find it.
It has no file number.
And the house was...
Any senator possibly knows this incident.
By, I would say in this way, sir.
One of the subcommittee's subcommittee's, say, user,
had called me and asked me what preliminary investigations were underway.
I'd come up here often, and I would have told you I would have mentioned this one.
If he wanted to see the file on preliminary investigation,
as a communist infiltration in the Army,
this would have been in one of the several files
and the doubly that would have been displayed to you, sir.
Well, but isn't there a regular filing system?
That has been in existence for some five or six years.
I don't think anything has been in existence for five or six years.
I think that the way of doing things was changed quite a bit
after the reorganization of Congress in 1953.
I know, sir, that I had...
I would say the reorganization...
The rework more senator Potter begins to...
...to be doing my thinner-in-the-art studio to cost the country
to permit our stations to identify themselves.
Mr. O'on, this is ABC Television Network.
This is about a park made by Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams against Jews.
In fact, that new as Chief Comfor this committee,
knew the investigating arm of the Senate,
too, as a top-only army to...
...in an effort to secure upright for treatment for a day's shock.
You agree that that is the essence of the charge
that were made against you?
It's hard to answer that, sir.
It certainly was the import of what was published in the newspapers
and what, within some of these original documents, they released.
When I heard the testimony, particularly the questioning on cross-examination,
I was interested to note that neither one could give a single specific instance
in which anything such as you suggest occurred,
and I say under no such thing ever did occur.
Well, I'm with the purpose of question,
is to say the original charge is that were made.
Yes, sir.
That's what Chargy's work is.
Would you consider that a serious charge?
Oh, sir, I would certainly say any abuse of power on the cross of this committee,
or any member of its staff, would certainly be a...
...very serious matter, which should be dealt with by the committee.
I don't say, sir, it's...
Well, I'm not sure if it's dealt with by the committee in some way.
Yes, sir.
No, the follow-up question, not, sir.
If those charges were approved...
Yes, sir.
Would you feel that your services as Chief Falmsville of the committee has been...
...since these?
Sure.
Now, if what Chargy did at all...
You'll bring with me that a non-consumable act has been committed by some members of the Army.
So, once again, I've been trying to avoid characterizing.
I certainly think that he left me directly.
The act was the unconsumable, and I think it was unconsumable, and I think it is unconsumable.
Yes, sir. Yes, the charges are not true.
Yes, sir. But they made it.
Yes, non-consumable act.
Yes, sir.
And that the persons responsible for that act...
...should be...
...gill group with me should no longer hold a position of public trust.
So, that's a little high for me at the fair time.
I don't know just what the ramifications behind the whole thing might be,
and just what they were doing, and why they were doing it, and who told them to do it,
and a lot of other things, which would enter into a judgment as to...
...that, and I would rather not pass any kind of judgment on them.
The reason I'm...
...the reason I'm working along with climate phones, the fact that...
...just as to me, when the charges were made, they were...
...it was a serious shock. So, that's reason.
Yes, sir, they're true.
You ask committed a...
...you take an unpopular advantage of your position with that committed.
And in full, you are being aligned by people...
...for purposes that the committee should have to know the reason for their position.
Yes.
Now, I understand the charges made by Mr. Seagal's and his wrath.
And one of them was that you...
...flected to elect the army.
Yes.
Now, Mr. Jenkins, there's examination of you, his fellow deaths very well, but I want...
...the ones again.
Does it...
...to ask you?
Did you...
...flected to elect the army?
No, sir. I testified about that conversation on January 14th, and I...
...my statement...
...not only did I not threaten directly army, but Mr. Adams never believed that for one minute.
If he did, sir, he would not have called me up at my home weeks later.
He would not have tried to continue with social relationship with me, and he would not have acted the way he did.
Yes, sir, Cole, did you...
...flected to get Mr. Seagal's job?
No, sir, and if I had to...
...if I had done that, sir, Mr. Adams would not have acted the way he did.
I'm sure.
You were following Mr. Steven's...
...and they both were Mr. Adams.
From the same last...
...left.
Left, yes?
Five of the time...
...had received a commission.
Or if he had received an assignment to the New York Army.
Yes.
I felt that their troubles with this committee would have seen.
And I believe that they specify that they thought that the troubles committee would have seen.
Now, I'd like to ask you...
...if Mr. Steven's time had received an assignment to the New York area...
...would that have made any difference to you or to the committee?
And it's a program for investigating the foot momos.
Okay, the answer to that, sir, in the record proves that it is no, sir.
Second of all, Senator Potter, I might point out that as I recall, when Senator McCaw...
...the interrogated Mr. Steven on this point, Mr. Steven said he did not think...
...that the hearings would have stopped.
And of course, they would not have.
In any way.
Now, when the statement issued by Senator McCawsey or, sir, Mr. Talk...
...you state that Mr. Adams and Mr. Steven...
...were using private time as a work of a phone...
...that an effort to call off the investigation of foot momos.
Now, do you testify to that defect today?
Yes, sir.
I think I told him direct examination.
Senator Potter, some of the things that Mr. Adams did...
...and said on this matter, for instance, that January 4th, these conversations...
...on this all that seems matter.
And some earlier conversations, I think it was certainly very clear to Mr. Carren.
I think it was clear to me that Mr. Adams was trying to use that in some way.
Well, with your reaction of that, Mr. Steven, Mr. Adams...
...about the second time you called them, or they stopped with you, but...
...now, Mr. Shind...
...a assignment in the Army.
Yes, sir.
Okay, just as you, one of the private signs will serve as any other man...
...I don't want him to stop the with you.
For our investigation concerns, you can investigate the Army to do so.
Now, what was your reaction again to a statement of action?
Well, I suppose that would have ended that, sir, but there was...
I might say there was never any request by us for any kind of preferential treatment for Shind.
The only discussion we had with Mr. Steven's and Mr. Adams was about this...
...arrangement to let him finish up some of his work...
...on the question of using his services in the Army based on his qualifications.
Mr. Steven was very kind about that, sir.
Mr. Steven came forward on several occasions and said that he was making such arrangements...
...because he felt that would be in the interest of the Army to use one...
...like qualifications in this field, in this field.
And that was said by Mr. Steven.
Mr. Steven's fancy and direct executive, I'd have ever suggested to me or to anybody else...
...that the arrangement about Shind finishing his committee work or anything like that...
...was improper in any way.
I suppose all he would have to do was just tell us that there was something wrong about it...
...and it shouldn't be done.
Would that have been in the target?
I think it would have much choice, sir. Mr. Steven's has done them...
...no application to talk to me about that or about anything else.
Now Mr. Cohen...
You testified that when Mr. Adams comes back to you in a late room 101...
...about an overseas assignment for Travis John.
He tied that in with the hearings that fought months.
Yes sir.
Now is it your testimony that he was toying with you to using David Shind's assignments...
...the threatening to send David Shind overseas unless what you call off the...
I think he was trying to serve.
I think that they could feel a fading on Mr. Adams's part of me and other people...
...in connection with this whole matter.
When he discussed that with you, did it...
...was it a light vein or was he certain?
Sir, I have to say that he was serious about that.
I don't have to tell you, sir.
It's very hard to make a picture of a relationship.
It's just that over a long period of time between Mr. Adams and the staff of this committee...
...we know him well, we were friends, good friends, we spent a lot of time together...
...social eating and in every other way there was a good deal of fading.
There was a good deal of joking and practical joking and I can give you a numerous examples...
...going on back and forth.
When you asked me about the January 14 conversation that did make an impression on me...
...I thought it was unusual and I thought that Mr. Adams was serious.
Time. Time is time.
Mr. Cohen, I made a statement yesterday about the internal security of the United States.
Yes, sir. We couldn't continue it because of lunch.
I said that there were no courtative action which were available to any man in the service...
...or in the services or any civilian in our federal government...
...that he could take before coming to the Congress with respect to any graph, inefficiency or subversion.
When she might feel or she might feel existed in their branches of the service or government...
...I pointed out to take a just-go-around intermediate superior to persons higher in the chain of command...
...that they could go to the investigating and intelligence departments of their branches...
...like the Office of Special Investigations of the Air Force...
...G2 of the Army, for the Office of Naval Intelligence.
And I said further that if such a person was still dissatisfied...
...well, feels that his whole branch of service was corrupt and no good.
He could go to the Department of Justice or his investigative agency, the FBI, with his complaint.
And finally, I said the Congress of the United States could be the court of last resort.
Of course, the members of the Congress are also subject to the law of the land.
I want to make clear that I was talking about a right to give information...
...when we are talking about documents which have been classified secret or confidential.
I want to emphasize that I feel that any service man at one for any federal employee...
...has to be governed by the law of the land.
Now Mr. Cohen, I want to ask you some questions...
...about the internal security of the United States.
And would you be good enough to answer them as much as you can, yes or no?
Yes sir. Because as you know, my question time is limited.
Yes sir.
There are three principal committees in the Congress which deal with subversives.
The government committee on operation, the Senate Internal Security Committee, the House on the American Affairs Committee...
...and there is also the federal Bureau of Investigation dealing with the same problem. Is that correct?
Yes sir.
Now suppose the government employee and the executive branch of the government...
...ha charge of a document stands top secret...
...which he thought was not being given proper attention by his superior.
Would you think it was right for him to give that document to the chairman of this committee?
Sir, I hope at the beginning I could give you a yes or no answer...
...but I've got to say right now that it's not even the netting.
This rate is some very great issue in which I might not be too well qualified.
I'll do your best to give me a yes or no...
...because I only have ten minutes.
I just can't answer it sir. I just can't give you this best picture...
...and even what little I know about it by yes or no answer.
I have to go into some detail and let me repeat the question.
I got a reply.
I'd like to repeat it if I may.
I got to ask the poll of the government employee and the executive branch of the government...
...ha charge of a document stands top secret...
...which he thought was not being given proper attention by his superior.
Would you think it was right for him to give that document to the chairman of this committee?
It seems to me you could answer that pretty closely yes or no.
Sir, can't it all. I'm much more on the speech.
Then will you do that here?
When you do this in order to help me with my questioning...
...will you get up a file for the record and we can take it up later.
How my next question is to Cohen.
Would it be right for this gentleman to give it to the chairman of the Internal Security Committee?
Sir, maybe I can answer these questions this way.
I think it would be right for that gentleman to act in accordance with his own.
So the constitution of this country, for his god, to protect this country...
...against all enemies far and emblematic.
I think that would be a decision which he would have to make.
And if he were going to report some instance of failure to act particularly...
...where it involves protection of our communists or a spy, aister...
...we have to see an awful lot before I could condemn him for going to the chairman of the...
...duly elected chairman of a committee of the Congress of the United States of America...
...which is in business for that purpose.
Now, Mr. Cohen, with all due respect to you, I didn't talk about a spy.
I said of a document stamped top secret.
Do you think about what?
Suppose a government employee, the executive branch of the government...
...had charge of a document, stamped top secret...
...which he thought was not being given proper attention by his superior.
Would you think it was right for him to give that document to the chairman of the committee?
I regret very much that at times and I cannot possibly answer that question...
...covering the vast field which is as yes or no.
But may we proceed?
Shall we?
Would it be right to give it to the chairman of the Internal Security Committee?
Is your answer the same on that?
My answer is the same, sir.
Sometimes I would be very happy to tell you what I think about all of these things...
...I might be wrong about a lot of them. It's a long story.
I can't guarantee you that I know anything.
Would you answer the same on that you can't answer the same?
Would you respect to the rights of giving it to the chairman of the Un-American Activities Committee?
Yes.
Your answer then would be the same with respect to giving a top secret document to any committee chairman.
Is that true?
My answer would have to be, sir, in order to get the picture accurate.
We would have to go into specifics and see just what we are talking about...
...what type of a case and just what the practical situation has been in the government of the United States...
...over the past few years, because I have known it both from the executive end...
...from the legislative standpoint.
Mr. Cohen, have you ever heard of a former congressman named Vito Marc Antonio from your state?
Have I heard of him?
Yes.
Or yes?
His Vito Marc Antonio has been chairman or a member of the House on American Activities Committee.
Would it be all right for you to give him this top secret information?
We don't mark Antonio.
I wouldn't give him the right time, sir.
I think it's on him.
No, sir.
Now, as the chairman of one of these committees were unavailable...
...do you think a government employee could give this top secret document to a member of the committee staff?